[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome to
this edition of Beyond Belief.
Suzanne Giesemann is with
us to discuss mediumship
for the masses.
The fact that one
doesn't have to be
born a medium to connect with
those who have passed on.
She is a former Navy
commander-- thank you, ma'am--
who had an incredible
awakening and now teaches
the awakened way, blending
science and spirituality.
Welcome, Suzanne, or
should I say Commander?
>>SUZANNE GIESEMANN:
Suzanne is just fine.
Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: Nine years Navy for me.
So I'm trained to
say, yes, ma'am.
>>GIESEMANN: Carry on.
>>NOORY: How'd you
get into the Navy?
>>GIESEMANN: I went
right outside of college.
My brother had been
in the Air Force
since I was five years old.
And I said, that is
a great career path.
That's what I want to do.
But the Air Force had filled
its quota of women at the time.
And I said, well, that
Navy looks pretty good.
Let me go for that.
And got commissioned
as an ensign
and just climbed
through the ranks.
>>NOORY: Now, I was
in for nine years
and got to be a lieutenant,
almost lieutenant commander
before I retired.
How many years were you in?
>>GIESEMANN: 20
years to the day.
>>NOORY: You got your 20 years?
>>GIESEMANN: I did.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
Do you miss it?
>>GIESEMANN: I don't really.
My new work has just
taken over my life
with a passion and a
sense of reward that
just can't compare to
the days in the Navy,
even though that was an honor.
This work that I
do now is an honor
at a whole different level.
>>NOORY: Now, I was a public
information officer in the Navy.
How about you?
>>GIESEMANN: I
was what was known
as a general unrestricted line
officer, which, if you think
about it, the acronym was GURL.
So we were the GURLs.
They didn't know what
to do with us when women
weren't assigned to ships.
So I served nine different
tours all ashore,
but really interesting tours
in intelligence and training
and plans and policies.
So very varied tours.
>>NOORY: All
various assignments?
>>GIESEMANN: That's right.
>>NOORY: What was your favorite?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
My favorite was when the
Chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff, the head
of the whole US military,
an Army officer,
asked me, a girl,
to be his aide de camp, his
right hand man, so to speak.
>>NOORY: You went through
an ominous time with 9/11,
didn't you?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
>>NOORY: As we all did.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah, but I
was up close and personal.
I was in the last aircraft in US
airspace with the chairman out
over the Atlantic
when we got the news
and turned the aircraft
around, flew over Manhattan
when all other aircraft
had been grounded.
So those of us on board the
plane saw the burning smoke
come up with our own eyes,
returned to Washington,
and went into the
burning Pentagon.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>GIESEMANN: Just hours
later, in fact, George,
I stepped over jet engine
pieces in the grass that day
before gazing at the hole
in our office building.
>>NOORY: Were you in shock?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
Just stunned.
We had just left
it hours earlier.
And the biggest
question was, how
could those people
who are just like us,
who are sitting at their
desks hours ago, just be gone?
There was nothing there.
It was life-changing.
>>NOORY: It was frightening.
>>GIESEMANN: I
guess, frightening
so much-- frightening
because we didn't
know what would happen next.
I remember there was-- suddenly
alarms went off the next day.
And they said, get
out of the building.
It's another attack.
And it wasn't.
It was a false alarm.
But yeah, we were all on edge
for quite a while after that.
>>NOORY: Well, we have a
picture of that horrible moment.
Let's take a look.
What are we looking
at here, Suzanne?
>>GIESEMANN: That's hours
after the attack, when
we were taking a look for
ourselves at the impact site.
That's the Chairman of
the Joint Chiefs in green.
And that's me standing to
his left just staring--
>>NOORY: In your--
>>GIESEMANN: --at the remains.
>>NOORY: --Navy whites, right?
>>GIESEMANN: In my Navy whites.
Yeah, there were firemen off to
the side spraying water on it
because it was still on fire.
And that's the chairman's
public affairs officer.
So you would
understand his role.
>>NOORY: How do you feel about
the conspiracy theorists who
said a plane did not
hit the Pentagon?
>>GIESEMANN: Well,
this is when I
say I stepped over
the jet engine pieces.
I saw it, so it
definitely happened.
>>NOORY: It was demolished.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
It happened.
It was a plane.
There it is.
>>NOORY: It blew up.
It hit it, blew up.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: There
was nothing there.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What events followed
after that photograph?
>>GIESEMANN: Well, personally,
I went on a personal search
to get answers to
those questions
that we just talked about.
How could people have been there
one moment and gone the next?
Why do some people die young?
And I turned to traditional
religion, which I had not
been raised with any religion,
and it just didn't satisfy me.
So I just decided, having
known a few commanders
the same rank as I was who--
one of them was two
weeks' shy of retirement,
and he was killed that day.
And I said to my husband, Ty,
who was a retired captain,
I said, life's too short.
We have dreams.
Let's go live them.
So I decided to put in
my papers and with 20
years to the day I retired.
And the next day we set off
sailing in our sailboat.
We sold the house and the cars.
Life was idyllic.
But if the truth be told, I was
literally running away from life
because I didn't want to
have any part of a world
where people could harm
each other like that.
9/11 really had that
kind of impact on me.
And I had no coping tools
whatsoever for the grief
that everybody felt. So I
just ran away, went sailing.
And it was a beautiful life.
We sailed across
the Atlantic Ocean
and were sailing around
the Mediterranean.
But as I'm sure you
know, we all come here
to learn certain lessons.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GIESEMANN: Life caught up with
me in a way I couldn't run away
from anymore when
we got the news--
while sailing off the
coast of Croatia--
that Ty's daughter,
my stepdaughter Susan,
who was a sergeant
in the Marines,
had been crossing the flight
line to report to duty one
morning, and out of the
blue, a bolt of lightning--
wasn't even raining--
struck her down onto the tarmac.
>>NOORY: No.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah, they
worked on her for seven hours
and couldn't save her.
>>NOORY: A bolt out of nowhere.
>>GIESEMANN: There was a
storm about 10 miles away.
Yeah.
Had not even reached there yet.
And to make matters
worse, George, Susan
was six months pregnant
with our only grandchild.
>>NOORY: How sad.
>>GIESEMANN: It was devastating.
Like I said, I had no
tools to deal with 9/11.
And now I had zero
tools other than--
I don't know if you
learned this phrase when
you were in the Navy,
but "Life is tough.
When challenges
come, what do you do?
Suck it up."
That was it.
That was how we coped.
>>NOORY: That's what we said.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
That was my sum total of
how to deal with challenges.
>>NOORY: But this
is more than that.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
I was literally shaking in
the car going to her funeral
because I was raised-- don't
show sadness, don't show anger.
And I was trying to be
strong for my husband,
but it came out as shaking.
But I will tell you that seeing
Susan's body in the coffin
was a pivotal moment in
my whole life's journey.
>>NOORY: How so?
>>GIESEMANN: Because
when I looked down
at her beautiful body, it was
so different than the last time
I saw her and any
time I saw her.
And I suddenly knew
that there's something
that enlivens these bodies.
Like I said, raised
with no religion,
I just suddenly knew there's
a spirit, a soul, whatever
you want to call it.
>>NOORY: You knew.
>>GIESEMANN: I just knew it.
>>GIESEMANN: And I said, I'm
going to connect with Susan.
And I didn't know how
I was going to do that.
But that very week,
I started sitting
quietly every day saying,
Susan, reveal yourself to me.
Susan, let me sense you.
And that became my new mission.
>>NOORY: Is that what
led you into mediumship?
>>GIESEMANN: It absolutely is.
And I had no idea that's
where it was leading.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you never
stopped after that.
>>GIESEMANN: Never.
To this day, that
was 2006, I may
have missed five
days of meditating,
but that is a-- to me
now-- a sacred practice
because it's what reminds
me of what I've learned,
that we really are all souls
now, not just when we pass.
>>NOORY: How did you
connect with her?
>>GIESEMANN: Well, the
funny thing is, George,
it was three full years of daily
"Susan, let me hear from you."
>>NOORY: Three full years?
>>GIESEMANN: Three years till
I heard from her so clearly.
And then since I can connect
with her quite easily.
But she came through a couple
of years ago, and she said,
I wasn't supposed
to come through
to you until I did
because you would
have stopped connecting daily.
You would have said,
mission accomplished.
I now know Susan is still with
us, and that would have been it.
But because I sat
every day, I didn't
realize I was training myself
to achieve expanded states
of consciousness at will.
I was creating space
in my awareness.
I was training myself in focus.
I was starting to have
adventures in consciousness
and connecting with other
beings besides Susan.
And then once that opened up,
there was no turning back.
>>NOORY: When did you
start branching out
into more mediumship?
>>GIESEMANN: That came--
let's see-- after I
took Ty to see a medium.
And it's so funny because
it was-- years later,
he said, Suzanne, you told me
we're going to go see a medium.
And I said, yes, dear,
but I didn't have
any idea what a medium was.
And now he's married to one, so
that's how ignorant both of us
were of the whole
afterlife thing.
But that medium brought
through irrefutable evidence
that Susan was right
there in the room with us,
including saying, there's a
little baby boy here with her
who she wants to
introduce to you.
>>NOORY: And she
did not know this?
>>GIESEMANN: She didn't.
I deliberately didn't give her
our last name, did not tell her
who I wanted to hear from.
And she's tuning in
to this young woman
in a brown uniform
who died suddenly,
giving her a tingly
electrical feeling,
running up and down her arm.
But the little baby boy
with her was the clincher.
I deliberately said, I'm
not going to be gullible.
I'm not going to
believe just anything.
But there was no refuting that.
That was it.
Susan was there.
There was so much more.
But at the time, I didn't know
I would one day be a medium,
but I suddenly had to let
the world know this is real.
So I wrote two biographies
of reputable, evidence-based
mediums.
And in writing the books,
one of those mediums
took me into her class and
said, you can do this too.
Come up here to the
front of the room
and bring through
this spirit who
allegedly was standing there.
And that was the first
time, put on the spot,
that I discerned
information that I
had no idea I couldn't do.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: What a metamorphosis
for a 20-year Navy veteran.
My god.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh, but
it's that Navy background
that caused me-- when
the teacher said,
there's a spirit here.
Suzanne, come up here
and see what you get.
Maybe if I hadn't
had that career,
I would have said,
oh, that's OK.
No, no.
But the Navy officer was like
you put me to that test, can do.
>>NOORY: Yes, ma'am.
Yes, sir.
>>GIESEMANN: --stand up there
in the front of the class.
And she says, male or female?
And at that time, George,
I couldn't see any spirit.
I couldn't feel anything.
But I trusted her that
there was a spirit there.
And I brought through.
Male, 70 years old when he
passed, passed of cancer,
and was an engineer.
Now, I thought I was
pulling data out of the air.
And this woman in the class
raised her hand and she said,
that's my dad.
And I thought, that
can't be right.
But then the teacher,
Janet Nohavec, said, yeah,
and his birthday was March
31, and he had a baseball cap
collection.
And the girl said, yeah.
And I thought, you mean there
really is somebody here?
And Janet said, come on,
Suzanne, push yourself
just a little more.
So I just closed my
eyes, not realizing
that two years of
sitting quietly,
trying to commune with
Susan, had allowed me
that spacious awareness to
suddenly hear twinkle toes
and see in my mind's eye a
pair of black patent leather
shoes, which I passed on.
>>NOORY: There you go.
>>GIESEMANN: And the girl said,
my dad was a ballroom dancer.
And my mom always
called him twinkle toes.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GIESEMANN: That
was that moment
when I said, if I could do
for one other family what
that medium did for our
family, bringing Susan through,
I'm all in.
And I said, but I don't
want to feel like I'm
pulling data out of the air.
I need to feel you, spirits.
I need to really sense you.
And that has opened
up beautifully.
>>NOORY: Suzanne, were you
a believer in God always?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh, no.
I wasn't an atheist.
I just didn't know
what to believe.
And our family didn't
talk about religion.
So just by growing up in
society, you hear things,
you pick up certain beliefs but
never really challenged them.
>>NOORY: I just picked up
your new book, Mediumship.
Well done.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh, thank you.
>>NOORY: Tell us about it.
>>GIESEMANN: Well, it's
a primer, an introduction
to the fact that
we are souls here
and now that anybody
can learn to make
the connection with loved
ones across the veil.
That's my passion now.
I do readings still,
not too often,
because, really, I'm all
about teaching others
to do this, not necessarily just
to be mediums for other people,
but to make connections
with your own loved ones
across the veil.
We all can learn to do that.
I'm the proof of that,
not a born medium,
and have opened up a
beautiful connection.
So the book, Mediumship, the
first part is all of the what
and how and why is it possible.
>>NOORY: Who, what,
why, when, and where.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah, exactly.
The middle section is wonderful.
30 stories of connection
across the veil
contributed by other
writers and two of my own,
showing that it's not just
one-on-one readings that
constitutes mediumship
but also what
we call after-death
communications and signs.
And then the last
part of the book
are some certain practices
that anybody can do to connect.
>>NOORY: I had two friends over
the last couple of years die.
One was a buddy who was
Greek, born in America.
Another guy owned
his own limo company
and drove me in Saint
Louis whenever I was there.
And I had a psychic medium on
my Coast to Coast radio show.
And she said, George,
I got to stop you.
Now, keep in mind, I don't
talk about this to anybody
like you did with your case.
She said, I see two
people that were
in your life on the other side.
And they're laughing.
They're having a good time.
One guy says you owe him money.
That was my limo driver
who would invoice me
at the end of the month.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh my gosh.
>>NOORY: He died the day
before the end of the month
and wasn't able to get his
invoice out for that month.
I still owe him a small check.
He's dead.
>>GIESEMANN: And
he's just kidding.
This shows you the
humor across the veil
because he sure
doesn't need it now.
>>NOORY: Then what really
got me, after she said,
you owe him money
and he's laughing,
she said, but he's with a
friend of yours who's Greek,
and he's laughing.
He said you skated.
How do they know this stuff?
>>GIESEMANN: Because
they're right here.
It's like this program is
showing on a certain channel,
a certain frequency.
And once we pass from this life,
we're at a different frequency.
So all we need to do is
learn to change the channel.
>>NOORY: What are the three Es?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh, gosh.
The three Es are what I call the
keys to living an awakened life.
You educate yourself,
which is what programs
like this help us to do.
Learn all you can
about mediumship.
Read the book.
Listen to people's
near-death experiences
to open your mind to
the fact that we're
part of a greater reality.
The second E is
experience for yourself.
I can sit here.
I could tell you
stories for days.
But to experience
that for yourself,
to experience the presence of
a loved one or somebody else's
loved one, to
discern information
that you couldn't possibly
know using your physical senses
changes things for you.
And then the third E is
engage those beings yourself.
I can't tell you how many people
come up to me and say, Suzanne,
I saw this figure at
the end of my bed.
Who do you think it was?
And I said, well,
did you ask them?
I know people don't
realize that, yeah--
>>NOORY: You can do that?
>>GIESEMANN: They're creative.
You can just talk to them.
>>NOORY: Give us
one of your stories.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh my gosh.
Well, I can dive into some
of the most recent ones.
Just last week, I gave a reading
to a woman who didn't even
speak clear English.
She had to have her son
sit-in on it to translate.
>>NOORY: As the interpreter.
>>GIESEMANN: He was
the interpreter,
which-- the human side says,
oh gosh, a different culture.
How am I going to
be able to do this?
And I immediately catch
myself and say, no, we
do this soul to soul.
So I just tuned in to the
channel using intention--
that's the key--
and connected with her
husband who had passed,
who was right there.
And he showed me that he had
passed from a heart issue.
I actually feel the physical
symptoms of how people pass.
He palpitated my heart.
He showed me that
he was a merchant.
And I asked him silently,
what did you sell?
And he showed me what looked
like blankets stacked up.
They were about this big
and white, stacked up.
And I described that, and
the son laughed, and he said,
he ran a newsstand.
>>NOORY: They were newspapers.
>>GIESEMANN: They
were newspapers.
And I said, well, your dad just
said, clear as day, I never
missed a day.
And he said, he literally
worked 365 days a year.
But the best moment,
George, was when I said,
now your husband's showing
me, like, if he shaved,
all these little hairs
would be on the counter,
and you would sweep them up.
And he says, you
have them, the hairs.
This woman, she was very
quiet and demure and shy.
She just-- she went like this,
and she said, I have them.
I asked him to tell you that.
>>NOORY: She saved his shavings.
>>GIESEMANN: She saved
his hair and asked him
before the reading, talk
about that so I know it's you.
I get the goosebumps.
If I ever lose the
awe of how spirit
gets their messages
through, then it's
time for me to hang up.
>>NOORY: How do
you explain this?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
>>NOORY: Why does it happen?
How does it happen?
>>GIESEMANN: It happens because
we're not only physical beings.
Look at the body
through a microscope,
and it breaks down into
nonphysical reality, frequencies
that carry energy
and information.
And we are this consciousness.
We are arising from one
field of consciousness.
Call it consciousness
or awareness, the mind.
And so we use that awareness
and intention to simply match
frequencies with a being who's
still here, who's not in a body.
It's stunning.
But when you understand
that it's possible,
the belief opens you
to the awareness.
We can do it.
And then you learn to set
aside your normal thoughts
and sensations and
notice what stands out
in response to your intention.
>>NOORY: Commander, who is Wolf.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh my gosh.
Wolf is a young man
named Mike Pasakarnis
who was struck and killed by
lightning like my daughter.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
What are the odds
of this happening?
>>GIESEMANN: Well, Wolf is
such a unique soul because he--
it's hard to believe, but I've
written a story about him.
It's called Wolf's Message.
And we're actually
in the process
of filming this documentary
right now because his story has
to be told.
Because Wolf left irrefutable
proof that we are souls now.
And somebody once
told me, don't ever
tell anybody you have proof of
this because the skeptics will
eat you alive.
I don't go up against skeptics.
I simply provide the evidence.
And the evidence
that Wolf left--
>>NOORY: Let it
stand for itself.
>>GIESEMANN: It does.
He was sitting at a cafe,
said to his friends,
I have to go now.
And he stood up and walked
away, walked to this tree
in a cemetery in
Plymouth, Massachusetts,
where he used to meditate.
That's where he was
struck by lightning.
When his family was
let into his apartment,
they saw a piece of artwork
that had not been on the wall
two days before because
his dad was there.
It was a poem that
ends with the line,
"It's time for the light
of nature to free my soul."
>>NOORY: That's
exactly what happened.
>>GIESEMANN: And
sitting in front
of that picture on
the wall was a chair
that he had moved as
if to invite somebody
to sit and look at it.
And across the wall
from that poem,
he had cut out his
favorite T-shirt
and tacked it to the wall
with a lightning bolt on it.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GIESEMANN: And then
he came back to me.
>>NOORY: --it happened?
>>GIESEMANN: Before it happened.
One day before it happened.
So his soul knew this
was going to happen.
He came back to me in a surprise
visit in the middle of the night
and gave me all kinds of
evidence about himself.
Then I did a reading
for his parents.
And ultimately, he
led us to a message
that he has for all of humanity,
which is why his story is called
Wolf's Message.
And I'm just very excited that
I have the honor of sharing it
through this documentary that's
coming out and through the book
Wolf's Message.
Because people read it, they
open up as they're reading it.
It's almost like the
book is an oracle.
I hear from people all the time
reading this book and saying,
I'm tuning in.
I'm sensing Wolf.
I'm sensing my loved ones.
It's an amazing story.
>>NOORY: What was his message?
>>GIESEMANN: His message
is that we, as a species,
humanity is out of balance.
We're too much in the head
and not enough in the heart.
We're tuning in objectively
but not subjectively
to our inner world.
When we can balance the two,
that's when we find freedom.
>>NOORY: What did the parents
feel about the reading?
Once you did it.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh my gosh,
they were blown away.
They said, there's no
doubt that's our son.
It's changed their life.
His stepmother is going
through a battle with cancer,
and she's completely at peace
with that, whereas before,
would have been
knocked off balance.
Balance is one of the words--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
She was a scientist
and a doctor.
But who can deny that evidence?
>>NOORY: Suzanne, what
is the awakened way?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh.
This is the main teaching that
I distilled from Wolf's message,
really boils down
to three principles
that we're not only human.
Wolf's message shows that,
that we are souls and human,
that we're part of one big
web connecting all of us
and all that is, and that this
force that connects us really is
love because where there's no
separation, we call that love.
And so the awakened way is you
live your life in accordance
with those beliefs, and you
realize that you are always
connected to guidance.
So it's living a
consciously connected life
and feeling divinely guided.
I have a whole book
called The Awakened Way,
and it's filled with stories and
evidence but mostly practical
tools that we can
all use to find
that connection and the peace.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
What's the importance of
evidence-based mediumship,
and what is that?
>>GIESEMANN: Well,
it's very simple.
If Ty and I had gone to
that medium when I said,
come on, honey, we're going
to go see a medium when
we wanted to hear from Susan
and she didn't know anything
about us.
If she had said--
looking at our age,
knowing we probably
have grandparents across
the veil-- if she had said,
oh, there's an old woman here.
I believe it's your grandmother.
And she passed when
her heart stopped.
And she loves you so much.
That would not have
changed our lives.
But what she shared with us--
evidence, verifiable
information about Susan
she couldn't have known
including this little baby boy.
That transformed our lives.
So evidence-based
mediumship requires
that the medium share
information about the client's
loved ones that they don't know.
My teaching for students that
learn this always tells them
that the test of a good reading
is that you leave that session
and you say, oh my god,
that was my loved one.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You give us a clip of
an evidence-based mediumship.
Let's take a look.
>>GIESEMANN: OK.
He's handing you a
gift for some reason.
Now, let me see what it is.
Opens it up, and a dove--
oh, I get it.
[GASPS]
Opens it up, and
a dove flies out.
[GASPS] Oh, no, really?
>>TERESA: The doves.
>>GIESEMANN: I get it.
>>TERESA: Can you see that?
With the heart in the middle.
That's him and his brother.
I mean, how could that be?
I got it on his birthday.
I walked into JCPenney,
and it was just there,
17 days after he died.
>>GIESEMANN: Now, that's a
beautiful moment right there.
>>TERESA: I was hoping this
was going to be the sign.
>>GIESEMANN: And I
look and I get-- now,
this is another
teaching moment forever
and ever because you have no
idea where he's going with that.
And instead of just showing me
a dove, he hands that to you
as a gift box.
This is why I report everything
exactly as it comes through.
So you see how beautifully
that came from your son
and not just pulling data
out of the air, right?
He gave you a gift.
I love you, ma, he
says, clear as day.
Clear as day.
>>TERESA: OK.
>>NOORY: Well, we
elaborate for Suzanne
on that entire experience.
>>GIESEMANN: Well, this
woman, Teresa, actually
had two sons across the veil.
I had done a reading
for her years earlier,
and she asked for
another reading.
I didn't realize that another
son had passed since then.
>>NOORY: What are those odds?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh yeah.
It was tough.
But that's why she had two
doves in that necklace.
>>NOORY: One for each one.
>>GIESEMANN: For each one.
For me, it's a real-time,
two-way conversation
with these loved
ones across the veil.
It frustrates me that
I don't see their face,
but I see gestures
and I see images
and I hear them talk to me.
And I feel their personality.
Sometimes I take
on their gestures
so clearly that the loved
ones look at me and they say,
you look just like him.
Like this one that I have where
I have this woman's grandfather,
and I say, he's
talking like this.
He's going, hrrmp, hrrmp, hrrmp.
And she sent me
this photo, and he's
sitting there just like that.
It cracks me up because
the reason this works--
and you asked about
how it's possible-- is
I'm a field of energy, and
so are those in spirit.
And I invite them
to blend with me.
So we become one.
That's that oneness
I talked about.
So I simply have to report
what's not my stuff.
>>NOORY: Is there a
test of good mediumship?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh,
that's what I told you.
It's that your client says
that was my loved one.
Not, well, I think
they had them.
I've had plenty of readings
myself with other mediums,
and you're like, well,
it could have been them,
but that's kind of generic.
So we go for gold nugget
items like that clip
that we just watched.
They're the things
you just can't deny,
the finding the woman's hair.
You're not going to
find that online.
You're not going to know
those things about the person.
And you capture their
essence beautifully.
That's a test.
>>NOORY: There are three ways
to test this authenticity,
aren't there?
Maybe more?
>>GIESEMANN: Oh, many ways.
Some of my favorite
are the things
that the medium
couldn't possibly know.
And then for me, it's things
that haven't yet happened.
So that really requires
trust on everybody's mind.
For example, one woman
across the veil, her mother
showed me a green plant.
It was very clearly a lily.
I described it-- white flowers.
She said, I don't
recognize that.
And I said, I know I'm
supposed to talk about this.
She's showing it to me.
Well, five minutes after
the reading, my phone
rang, and it was my client.
She said there was a flower
delivered to the house
while I was in the
middle of reading,
but I didn't want to
answer the doorbell.
It was a white lily.
Her mom had seen that being
delivered to the front porch.
So things that haven't yet
happened are very good evidence.
And then I love when a
medium picks up things
that the client doesn't know
but somebody else knows.
>>NOORY: And corroborates.
>>GIESEMANN: Right.
This shows that I'm not just
reading somebody's mind.
>>NOORY: Your stepdaughter,
is she always with you now?
>>GIESEMANN: She
says, we're always
with everybody, all
of us, because we're
part of that one field.
But it's kind of like we're
sitting on a living room couch,
and maybe your loved one's doing
one thing here in physical form,
and you're doing another.
Somebody's knitting over here.
Somebody's reading.
Somebody's watching TV.
And then you start paying
attention to each other
when there's something
to converse about,
but you're not really
aware of their presence
until you need to be.
Our loved ones are living their
own lives in their next reality.
And yet, all they have to
do is shift their focus.
And we tune in to each other.
>>NOORY: It's
miraculous, isn't it?
>>GIESEMANN: It is.
It's life-changing, and that's
what I want everybody to know.
This is real.
You can prove it.
You can put your loved ones to
the test, and they don't mind.
>>NOORY: Suzanne, what are
after-death communications?
>>GIESEMANN: These are the
ways that those in spirit
let us know, without
the need of a medium,
that they're around, such
as signs and synchronicities
or snagging your attention
with just the right lyrics that
are playing on the radio
that you need to hear.
The song and the radio could
have been playing for hours.
But suddenly, you're
caught, and you listen.
And it's just what you needed
to hear because your loved
ones catch your attention.
So there are many ways
that those across the veil
can communicate after death.
>>NOORY: Now, in my case, the
limo driver's name was Johnny.
And I was thinking
about that story
that the psychic
had told me that he
was laughing because you owed
him money, that kind of thing.
I turned the radio
on, and a song
came on that I haven't
heard in 100 years.
>>GIESEMANN: Johnny Be Good.
>>NOORY: Johnny Guitar.
>>GIESEMANN: Oh, Johnny Guitar.
OK.
>>NOORY: (SINGING) Play
it again, my Johnny.
What are the odds
of that happening?
>>GIESEMANN: 100% when you
understand how this works.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Did he send
that song to me?
>>GIESEMANN: No, he had you
turn the radio on just then,
knew what was playing.
>>NOORY: He knew
what was coming down.
>>GIESEMANN: Absolutely, yeah.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Is it scary?
>>GIESEMANN: Never.
Why would that be scary?
>>NOORY: Well, it's weird.
>>GIESEMANN: [LAUGHS]
Different but it
has so much potential
for healing, for comfort.
For awe.
For awakening us, awakening us
to so much potential, so much
possibility, so much wonder.
And if anything, scary.
That's just an
opportunity to look at it
and say, why am
I afraid of this?
My guides have given me
several frightening experiences
in the dream state
and in meditation.
And they've, both times,
told me, just look at it.
And it just flows
right through you.
>>NOORY: What is the difference
between evidence-based
and messages and mediumship?
>>GIESEMANN: The
evidence are those things
that we can validate.
Messages sometimes can
be evidential but not
always provable.
Perfect example
of a message is--
it's beautiful here
in the afterlife.
I'm fine.
Can't validate that.
But it's a beautiful message.
But evidence is
factual information
that we can verify here.
>>NOORY: How do you
know it's not a trick?
>>GIESEMANN: Don't know.
So the bottom line is
it helpful in healing?
That's all that matters.
>>NOORY: What is
the golden nugget?
And I'm not talking about
the casino in Vegas.
>>GIESEMANN: A golden nugget is
my term for a piece of evidence
that's so unique and so
specific to a person's loved one
that it changes their awareness
of the greater reality,
that it just leaves them saying,
oh my god, that's my loved one.
For example, the young man
who showed me a toothpick that
was always hanging
out of his mouth.
And his mom said, oh
my god, everybody who
knew him knew that toothpick.
That was his signature sign.
>>NOORY: You can't guess that.
>>GIESEMANN: You
can't guess that.
You can't know that.
And I remember that woman.
Everybody at work said,
something's different about you.
Have you changed your meds?
She said, no, I had a
reading with a medium.
My son is my new med.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Are you baffled
by the compelling evidence
that keeps cropping
up with these stories?
>>GIESEMANN: Baffled?
Not at all.
I'm in awe of it.
And I know it's going to keep
going because, for example,
me, I said to my
guides, you know me,
I'm not going to do this
work unless you give me
really good evidence.
>>NOORY: And you get
it all the time now?
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah,
not every time.
There are some readings I'll
have to call off because,
for some reason, and there
are so many variables,
the connection
isn't always there.
But I rate readings kind
of like a cell phone.
Oh, that was a
five-bar connection,
or that was four bars.
Three bars is OK, but
anything less than that,
I'm going to call it
off or maybe postpone.
And if I don't maintain
four or five bars,
then I shouldn't
be doing this work.
Same with any medium.
>>NOORY: Are you glad
you've taken this path?
>>GIESEMANN: I
tell people it was
such an honor to
serve my country
and especially witnessing
the higher levels as I did.
I got to fly on Air Force
1 with the president.
I mean, how cool is that?
But nothing can compare with
the honor of showing people
that love never dies.
I never envisioned that.
>>NOORY: No regrets?
You're hesitating.
>>GIESEMANN: I'm hesitating--
>>NOORY: --hesitating.
>>GIESEMANN:
--because I don't want
to talk off the top of my head.
I want to make sure I
don't have any regrets.
My only regret is that
I didn't realize sooner
how connected we all are.
But no regrets about this work.
>>NOORY: Perhaps a
different way of learning
would have come your way instead
of the tragedy you went through.
>>GIESEMANN: And yet, I wouldn't
change any of this because I see
it--
it is all part of a plan.
Because of my
military background,
people will listen and
give me an ear where
they might have just
dismissed me if I just said,
oh, I'm a medium.
But they hear about
that background,
and they say, OK, I'll give
you a minute of my time.
And then they hear the evidence.
And so Susan's passing
was devastating for us.
But my YouTube videos have
reached 12 million views.
That's 12 million lives at least
touched by Susan's passing.
So this is all in her honor.
And we're definitely
on a mission together.
>>NOORY: How old was
when she was struck down?
>>GIESEMANN: 27.
>>NOORY: Just a kid.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: A whole life ahead.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah, but she's
still living to the fullest.
>>NOORY: She's living
through you now, isn't she?
>>GIESEMANN: Well, she's doing--
she's living fully
across the veil.
That's part of the main message.
They're not lost.
And they're not dead and gone.
Their life continues fully
and fully aware of what
goes on with us here.
They know about the
birthdays, the graduations,
the new children.
I don't know how
much time we have,
but I was just reminded
of this, an amazing one.
>>NOORY: Susan just
told you something?
>>GIESEMANN: No, it was my
guides, reminded me of it.
>>NOORY: No, go ahead, tell me.
>>GIESEMANN: I had
given a reading
for a man whose father
crossed the veil,
showed me clinking glasses
and a pregnant wife.
I said, your dad knows
that you and your wife
are going to have a baby.
And he says, yeah, does
he know what it is?
And I said, I do, but
I don't want to spoil--
he knows-- but I don't
want to spoil it.
He says, we know.
And I said, well, it's a boy.
And he said, yeah, it's a boy.
So months later, completely
forgot about that reading.
That man dropped in on me
while I'm riding my bike.
He said, call my son.
They had the baby.
I know about it.
Let him know that
they named him--
I know they named him after me.
Let them know I know they
put it up on a billboard.
So I stopped the bike, called
this guy who was in my--
>>NOORY: You did not
know about this--
>>GIESEMANN: No, I didn't know.
>>NOORY: --until
the spirit told you?
>>GIESEMANN: Absolutely not.
And this is my point,
that dad in spirit
knows about the
birth of the child.
His son was devastated
when dad had passed.
He'll never know about
his grandchildren.
Well, he knows all about him.
Everybody in the
spirit world knows
what's going on here because
they're still part of our lives.
>>NOORY: How do they know?
>>GIESEMANN: Because they're
tuned in to our channel
much more easily than
we are to theirs.
>>NOORY: It's truly
remarkable, isn't it?
>>GIESEMANN: It is.
It's beautiful.
>>NOORY: Did you ever break
down and cry, Commander?
>>GIESEMANN: I do.
My life isn't perfect, George.
I mean, I have my own
challenges, like everybody.
But now I have tools.
I don't just suck it up anymore.
I have these awakened weight
tools that just bring me
to peace and centering--
is beautiful.
But I also cry from the emotion.
There are times-- having
not been raised religious
and praying--
when I'll just
say to my husband,
I have to go upstairs
and give thanks.
And I will drop to my knees
for whatever miracle of the day
happened because this world that
I've been blessed to open up to
is so filled with love.
And that's what I want
everybody to find,
that connection that
will bring you to tears.
>>NOORY: I've always been told
that reincarnation does not
stop a spirit from communicating
with us once it's moved on.
It's almost like it separates
into two different entities.
>>GIESEMANN: That's right.
I'm so glad you brought it up
because it's the number one
question my students ask me.
People think it's
all or nothing.
You're this body and this
soul, and when you're gone--
>>NOORY: --you're gone.
>>GIESEMANN: That's it.
If you then become
another life, we
can't connect with who you were.
Think of it more like
the soul has subsets,
and that's each lifetime.
And so that lifetime
is still going
to be part of the
higher self, even
if another aspect of that
soul has now reincarnated.
So I, as a medium, could
tune into any of those lives
if it serves the greater good
of the family that's here.
>>NOORY: If you are arguing with
a skeptic about the evidence
of mediumship--
>>GIESEMANN: I wouldn't be.
>>NOORY: How would
you win the argument?
>>GIESEMANN: I would never
argue with a skeptic anymore.
No way.
I would just stop
and say, I appreciate
and honor where you are
and your belief system now.
If you'd like some evidence,
I'll share it with you.
And that's it.
>>NOORY: And you'd move on?
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah,
that's where they are.
>>NOORY: What has been the most
satisfying aspect of all this
for you?
>>GIESEMANN: I would say
the countless people who
have said that my work
has changed their life
or saved their
life because we're
dealing with people who want
off the planet when a loved
one passes.
And we're able to show them
they're still right here
and you can connect
with them yourself.
>>NOORY: That's wonderful.
>>GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What are the
critical keys to atonement?
>>GIESEMANN: Number
one is belief.
You have to examine your BS,
which is your Belief System,
and say, do I really
believe this is possible?
Do I really believe
there's an afterlife?
In my book The
Awakened Way, we talk
about the practice
of self-inquiry,
really questioning your beliefs
and so then upgrading it
and say, well, I'm at
least willing to try.
So belief and willingness.
And then the second
one is the intention
to make that connection
across the veil.
So belief and
intention are critical.
>>NOORY: And once you are
in that mode, what happens?
>>GIESEMANN: Well, then you
need to have a clear focus.
Shut out the outer world
and simply observe.
Like I said, what
bubbles up in awareness
and stands out from
your normal mind.
>>NOORY: Do we all need
mediums to communicate
with the other side?
>>GIESEMANN: We don't.
If you want a clear
connection and perhaps
a conversation and to hear
things that you may not
be able to tune into, a medium
can be very helpful, especially
in evidence-based medium.
But we can-- oh, yeah.
I am always-- my guides
are always guiding me.
They said, talk about.
>>NOORY: Tapping you
on the shoulder, right?
>>GIESEMANN: Just this morning,
my newest assistant on my staff,
Stephanie--
>>NOORY: Call this.
Tell them this.
>>GIESEMANN: Exactly.
She shared with me a
breakthrough that she has.
Her daughter passed
just a few years ago,
and her other daughter
is in deep grief
because she's not as open to
mediumship as Stephanie is.
And Stephanie shared
that, in meditation,
she sensed her daughter, and
she practiced my tool of saying,
Katie, tell me something
about your sister going
on now that I couldn't know.
And her daughter gave
her three clear things.
Stephanie's not a medium,
but she believed and set
the intention of connecting and
wrote down these three things,
called her daughter, who--
I have to tell you.
She said, my daughter
dropped an F bomb
when she heard what I said
because she was so stunned.
Mom, how do you know--
>>NOORY: We won't
do that right now.
>>GIESEMANN: No, no,
no, that's why I--
say other words, right?
But her daughter was so stunned.
Mom, how can you know those
three things about me?
And she said, because
your sister told me.
I felt her.
And Stephanie is just like I
used to be, just an ordinary--
walking around, not aware that
we can all make this connection.
And she's done the training.
She's applying the tools.
This is what the book Mediumship
and The Awakened Way--
and all of my training is
to lead us to this awareness
that they're right here.
>>NOORY: Suzanne, what do
you recommend to somebody
who has lost a loved
one and has this desire
to communicate with him or her
but doesn't know what to do?
>>GIESEMANN: Well, first of all,
start talking to them right now.
Hopefully, they already are
talking because they hear you.
Whether or not you're making
a conscious connection,
talk with them from the heart.
Say what you would say if you
had the chance face to face.
And then I would begin
with my basic practice
that I call the
Sip of the Divine.
You can find it on YouTube under
No More Meditation Excuses.
Three minutes a day of
sitting and observing how
thoughts and images
arise in your mind.
Ask one question a day.
Like I used to say, Susan,
reveal yourself to me.
Ask one question
of your loved one
and notice if
anything stands out.
That's where you start.
>>NOORY: Through
your book Mediumship,
can people learn how
to do what you do?
>>GIESEMANN: You can
learn the basics,
but then you have
to do the practice.
And please don't let anybody
think it might take three years.
I've had one woman, Patty--
I have a full-length reading
online, actual evidence
of the afterlife, so you
can see the evidence.
That woman Patty, the mother
of her daughter Lauren,
had a breakthrough in just two
weeks connecting with Lauren
and got evidence.
It's so easy to think
we're making this up,
but anybody can learn.
We just don't know how
long it's going to take.
So yes, you can learn
practices in the book.
You can alter your belief system
by reading the beautiful stories
in the middle of it.
And then you need to sit and
create the right state of mind
to have that connection.
>>NOORY: Suzanne, how can
people track your work?
>>GIESEMANN: Pretty easy.
Just my name,
suzannegiesemann.com.
And also check
out this free app.
We have The Awakened
Way app because that's
going to get you reading
uplifting messages every day
straight from spirit.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>GIESEMANN: What an honor.
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Got to be honest, years
ago, I was a skeptic about this.
I didn't quite
understand how could
somebody deal with the
other side, the afterlife,
and be right.
I'm now convinced with
people like Suzanne Giesemann
that it's the real deal.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]